I think I'll let you set this after my
last attempt oh we haven't so pretty
he's used to going in and out of this
trap certainly without it springing
obviously are you happy yeah that was
real sensor there just on the edge okay
okay and then we just need to back off
from him just a little bit do your stuff
Houdini is suspicious after yesterday he
knows something's up he seems reluctant
to go in with Houdini safely behind bars
all we need to do now is anesthetize him
to fit the microchip and this we can do
locally in a ferret surgery on wheels
which is surprising is he deep enough
right now he does so this is a microchip
you're gonna put under his skin yes yes
he's gonna put it in the skin right up
isn't it what we have to do is make sure
that he's asleep enough under the
anesthetic that he's not going to wake
up when we do something painful so the
way to test that is to occasionally
pinch his toes okay just no he's fine
yeah okay he's yeah he was gonna be just
have him up on there get him back up
again into detail
he just started to come out too quickly
he was alright i'm santi but it yeah I
don't know he may have just not taken a
few breaths for a second or two which
one you wanna call this is not but I'm
shaking on behalf a few scars from the
most endangered mammal on the planet
that's pretty good pretty nasty looking
no innocent now now you we saw what you
did take two
everything's connected right hopefully
yeah he's starting to get a bit yeah
okay so um how about yeah if he's just
about good to go I think I'm just gonna
insert this right under the skin when I
get it all the way through that all
exactly well we got there in the end
tagged and hopefully not too traumatized
Archie is now one step closer to release
he'll be held until he's recovered from
surgery
he puts the mental in sentimental I
think it's quite amazing
we have been around so many different
species all over the world but this has
been the most traumatic encounter I've
had all you had anyway this is you know
probably the first time in my career
that I've been bitten properly you know
I got by something like this little
furry monster okay
solid ground there okay Oh straight into
his new house